Hello! I am a sophomore computer science major at The University of Texas at Arlington who is currently looking for software engineering internships for Fall 2022. I am interested in web and mobile development and am exploring machine learning through my research assistant position. My hobbies include reading fictional books, watching and playing video games, and working on programming projects. In the long run, I am hoping to build a career as a software engineer.

I have gained extensive experience with C# and object-oriented design through several game development projects. For example, I contributed to the development of an educational 
game using C# and Unity and developed several systems for the game, such as the time, purchasing, and character customization systems. This game will be published to Steam in July 2021. I explored mobile app development in a recent collaborative project using Flutter and Dart and developed a forum app prototype. I learned Python development by working on a personal assistant app based on voice commands. I have been delving into HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to learn the fundamentals of web development. I also have experience with C and Java through my programming classes.

In all these projects, I have contributed to ideation, worked on the implementation of the ideas, and created necessary presentations to communicate the project’s importance. I 
have been cultivating my problem-solving skills and possess the communication skills necessary for effective collaboration. These projects have involved several challenges, and 
I have collaboratively worked to overcome the challenges in the team-based projects. I am capable of working on long-term collaborative projects and thrive in challenging environments.
